in the 1980s he was considered the best indoor soccer player
the interaction today has the pleasure of receiving the eternal left wing of the
Brazilian team I already have everything well Joe the government designs you here
Reformed nakazaki will say yes
jackson then to talk about this training in the way that was the beginning of
his career and the indoor soccer in 170
I lived in the barrio santa terezinha or a colleague there live
we played traditional peeps from another who tried to do this
ended up taking me for the cruise there in the black mud
he informs that playing there in the category
another on the coast
and my mother ended up telling the quota of that club that we are here he
is that milk is my home
and I ended up
playing here in our creation
during the week senai week the staff of sarney
defeated in the rights and I was invited not to play on the cruise but play here
and I ended up transferring myself into the living decade in the late 1960s
This must be the card tent. I started playing here on the river in the
metropolitan competitions and 1969
and what the Olympian represents in your life
the dam in the sports field practically almost all my career
because I stayed here
from 69 to 1934 then
colleagues for my colleagues my friends from
of recreation and opice name no contest
what the notebook - pec iv children's and children's championship
already the aspirant with him lying the main category after him the question
in a Brazilian championship of selections 1937 the tournament that changed his life after
of the dispute of the cajias in new 76 on Monday
the 4s version that changed my life a lot
and existed and was going to see back to the brasilia of selections there in porto alegre
in rio grande do sul
Hehehe
with some setback
of some people
the coach called lm 6
and was unable to form a group
and in this context the price target had already gone wrong since it was well on the aspiring
he can supply
the athlete's deficiency taking the meter to the competition and he turned me down
invite to convene a year
two legs
I planted the same stick team in a mining team
It is not so if you play indoor soccer and the group's
friends there
so I did not feel very well and retired my hand
why did the people who were there
I've lived with her all these years.
I take training right and he's not in the competition
the mineira team was not doing very well and I was booking too
I had no problems
I did pado group walked to a very great honor
he did not deny at the time the staff saw with the staff was doing very well in the
step let's put the priest by playing than he accepted the invitation from me
is training with photos is a goal is the first to arrive and the last to leave
and soon I hired bread and then I started to play and
and he we played as a term not very well
But then when I was coming back I told you about it.
the staff began to congratulate me at the airport I was left feeling that the
new holder as
team player
in the main maceration team the treatment time
other surname in the newspaper
was a criticism or one more than the
coach of the Brazilian team that used to be in the b
and on the role of the entire championship
grandson emphasized the skill and the great show the players he already knew and
it is in the national show what he had as
how well do we go then how good they were even what we expected from
player happened more
that the mud sucker was a classroom
in this case the assiduous gambling miner
but that he considers a very skillful guy to play as if
was worked
I could in the future with the shirt of the Brazilian national team
with that guaranteed but ended up happening but ended up serving the selection
Brazilian net
and with what was your passage already
by the Brazilian national team of soccer of hall to aig like happened
this trend lori 79
with the competitions that were made national leagues
the produced was invited to play eggs championship in são paulo and is the cable in the
chile the são-paulinos club was not considered team
on top of it
in the poll take care
and that in the course of the competition we started showing the potential
in our group and the staff started to enter this ranking
and talk to me
so outsiders
in this hand
the athlete has played very well
It's taking the river crew clear air
we count on favorite motorcycles a ton well the year
this protest happened there in the championships for the ninth round beautiful
horizon
within a certain prestige
the smallest with my call of the Brazilian national team in 1999
the integration of the works of the new center
was a South American and bogota champion with the Brazilian national team and was
very good experience
that was repeated
at first to use money
is an entity that was fux
they wanted to promote indoor soccer and a call was started
for the first World Cup football hall in 1982
I was called again and there serve the Brazilian national team.
step-by-step to open
not
already thought paulo
a technique which acts
ah